Um, you probably do the building one on
your laptop that works. You know, it's
like able to show like a code demo to
your colleagues probably not too hard.
Yeah, you take a framework, get it to
work. But pushing it to production,
who's done who's done this? Who's
actually built the AI agent and push it
to production? Anybody?
Any show?
Yeah, 100%. So there's a whole lot of
topics
from um not only prototyping but pushing
it through your SDLC build it production
is living in production you need to have
the confidence it actually works. So
today we're going to cover one specific
topic around evaluation. How do we know
that our AI agent is actually doing the
job that we want it to do? So imagine we
have this structure here. So it's a
typical multi- aent orchestrator model.
I've actually used this model a number
of times. Um and so you have a
orchestrator agent on up on top. You
have a few specialized agents down
below.
The thing is you got this, it works. You
can demo it to your colleague. Hey, you
know I feel that yeah workload is cool
but you put your production and it it
serves your customers they say 100 times
a day. How do you know that 100 times a
day your customer actually worked?
Right? That's the question we want to
answer right and this is the the
practice we want to support here
evaluation.
Um so evaluation
when we build a AI agent so as we know
AI agent is a model coupled with perhaps
tool LM coupled with some tools it could
be API for it could be a file system
operation
it could be
um ability to write code right and then
you give the AI agent imperative I want
you to do this and do it for me the
thing is you can swap out the model
because this model is too expensive for
me. I want to downgrade from CL 4.6 to
CL um
I want to see how that works. But you
know what? Swapping a model is going to
change your agent behavior and change
your system also is going to change your
system behavior. Uh changing tools is
going to change your system behavior. So
all of these things that you do to your
AI is going to change your behavior. So
there goes another question that is when
you swap out any of these on the screen
here. How do you know that you swap out
for the best of your AI agent? Right? Is
you scope out this model is cheaper but
it still performs the same right? So
once again it points to practiceation
this practice evaluation telling us that
it's actually um performing
right for evaluation of work that we
understand this
is actually achieving this goal that we
given it. We need this foundational
observability. So now we don't have a
lot to talk about only observability
that is you have to have observability
in place for evaluation to work. Um
who's familiar with this concept of
tracing or observability? Anybody in the
room? A few of you. Okay, great. Uh so
for those of you who are not familiar
with building this concept uh came from
the application world it's been around
for many years even before the agency
with your application let's say you have
three different microservices
um and you work at Netflix have got this
millions of microservices working
together and and within a distributed
system you need the ability to see how a
specific request traces across different
microservices to be able to tell what's
going on, how fast my or how slow my my
system is responding, is it giving me
errors and so on. So this is the same
practice here. We have instrument over
here to to our AI agent. We want our AI
agent to be able to expose to us all
these concept sessions traces on the
right hand side.
So in a session, this is my session
working agent within a session. I can
have conversations with my right. So
that's a trace. So you request answer
the question and then within that within
that request the your your agent going
through roots go I'm doing this I'm
making full calls and it's going through
several roots and then responds back
this is what sounds right so these are
the core concepts and without without
this you would not be able to do
evaluation. So um for those of you are
interested in in exploring uh evaluation
um I
looking into how these two topics
connect together.
So as I was saying uh observability is a
is an established concept right. So in
um a traditional system let's say bunch
of microservices you have a front end
and you have observability set up and we
need to know is is the system but with
an AI agent there's a whole lot of
different things right the multi the
ultimate question we want to answer here
is is our agent behaving correctly but
there are all these variables right
those of us with agents you know is
nondeterministic
you ask every single time tell me a
joke. It's going to tell you a different
job every single time. Even though
you're giving the same same request, you
ask it to perform a task, it's going to
perform the task slightly differently
every single time. Um, and also it can
go through multiple terms like who's
used code or similar products? Yeah.
Codex.
Codex. Yeah. Great. So when you when you
give codeex pro code or hero one of
those um tools a task to do you see it
goes through this thing called agent
loop. it thinks and it tries different
things. Maybe the first group fails and
tries again and tries again.
So there there are all these uh
nondeterministic state and nature of the
AI agent that made things quite
difficult and and not to mention you
could have multiple agents in a real
world scenario. Many use cases I've seen
I help my customers build those are
often multi rather than single agents.
So things can
at the same time we care about latency
we care about cost how much job actually
cost
tokens are not free those of us who use
AI agent without tokens are not free
when you run tokens it's not fun right
so these are the questions we want to be
able to address
um and
when it comes to building a agent um we
also see uh this behavior
So obviously
if we work with the product leader
they would like us to
build a capability to get to the market
as quickly as possible but as
engineering leaders we need to really be
responsible and think about how do we
make sure this agent that we built is
going to perform. So
there's this phrase we like to use in
security also should
really encourage our customers to think
about this thing called proactive
engineering. So proactively
start thinking about how to measure the
performance of your agents. Don't wait
till your agents already production and
the ear we hope for the best um that
never works.
And now in terms of evaluation um there
are we call it the evaluation pyramid
there the three pyramids um so the first
one we call it the the deterministic um
layer so sometimes our AI agent so if
you give example I let's say I have a AI
agent I like to do classification
um so each of us may work in different
professions and different um customer
segments I want this agent to be able to
look at the business that we work for
and classify which industry segment that
we need to work in. And so as the output
of this agent, I want this agent to
always give me this industry segment. So
deterministic um evaluation allows us to
run basically just a a piece of code.
Has this agent generated out for segment
for industry? Has it done that? If it
hasn't done that then we want to go
through a loop to actually redo it.
That's deterministic. It can be quite
useful because it's deterministic. It
always checks for specific prohibitants
that your AI agent uses can be very
useful, right? Um and secondly, we you
probably hear this a lot. MLM is judge.
Um so this is helpful when
sometimes we don't really have a golden
data set, right? We have um we know
roughly what good looks like. We know we
know the the outcome that we're looking
for. So we want another element to be a
drive and maybe a different model and
give it different materials. We want
this element to to be addressed to ship
how faithful is our agent, how
transparent is our agent, um how
grounded is our agent. It can do all of
these things for us. And the layer three
is actually quite interesting also that
um I mean I don't know if you've seen it
but we've seen with other customers that
is hey this agent is not performing well
um and our natural response default
response is that we need to go tune the
agent but sometimes it's not the agent
itself it could be your evaluator so we
may need to also look at our evalu
evaluate our evaluator right so that's
layer three
um so enough concepts from I'm just
building this all up. So then um our
friend S from Push Pay can actually tell
you about Push's journey, how they build
this evaluation technique for the use
case.
Thanks.
Yeah, as AWS
Roger specifically, I've been lot of
help in for brainstorming understanding
how we could build these
uh and they definitely their skills very
across organizations. So my story I uh
I've been working on I'm senior data
scientist I did my masters of science in
statistics and machine learning from
years and uh I've been working on this
industry for more than eight years now.
So I joined We ask you
three.
So
this is the first one.
Yeah. So we've answer your question.
Yes. we seem as a judge going very wrong
and yeah we will use uh data science
techniques to actually evaluate the
judge itself
yeah so
uh I'll take a step back and talk to you
about push so push uh has uh different
softwares to help uh church ministries
um
move towards the mission so one is the
church management
where the church ministry
manager
look at the members of the church. So
they could be attending events they
could be volunteering and so on and all
the communications uh so communications
would be about events about campus
and so on. So they manage all that the
church management system. Uh the other
one is on giving. So managing the
donations processing the payments. So
right now I'm working
uh this one.
So in the church management system
it's about
so for instance imagine a person who's
working full time and wants to be at
church.
at the church can come in and share
their issues and they can find
compassion
get over it. So for that person doing
that they seem to be passionate about it
probably they have been that same
and uh in especially in US if you think
of it the churches are pretty big like
each church have 100 members so it's not
easy to keep track of those people it's
not easy
and people searched us is so let's have
that here person who used to be coming
for this event for this uh meet up but
uh they have not been coming for the
last
and probably that person needs attention
probably they need to reach the person
understanded
or actually they've come back and that's
what the people search is about
after
So and that's what keep that in mind
that if we have to create an AI agent so
that that person can ask question with
this it needs to be active
think show me the numbers of the light
group who haven't in the last three
months right simple question but when
you go to the interface There are 200
filters take from it plus there are
logical operators. So we call this
natural language to structured data
query. So we get AI to interpret the
natural language question and write a
structure query back to actually pull
the data set. In this case in lot of web
apps it's a JSON based object
which populates. So in the UI
check boxes and them but behind the
scenes it's a JSON uh option.
Yeah. So yeah and it's very confusing.
There are very few people uh the church
ministry knows who can actually perform
this kind of a search just because of
the complexity of
Yeah. So this is what it looks like. So
there's a search bar here that we've
added and the search is option might
want to use or not. Uh and what it does
is based on the question it populates
the filters uh the filters further down
the screen
shown and it populates these columns for
example first name last date.
This is all QA data but fake data. So
that's why it doesn't look so good. And
then the user can actually change the
filters. The user can add more columns
so that they can file.
Yeah. So what we really needed is so
imagine 200 filters and there lots of
different questions people can ask. They
can ask the same question in different
ways. So the product manager was like so
engineer was like which questions do you
want day at? product managers like all
of them uh and let's so what's the
starting how do you start
even the product manager doesn't know
how to do a specification of questions
that people can ask the second thing is
come back after a few weeks and say yeah
because
when you connect the dots the solution
is built as long as the data is going
through
this for the First time engineers are
facing the reality that of what royal.
So it's not connecting the process. What
you really need is did the user question
get answered. You need to understand the
intent behind it understand what the
output should right. So,
how does the product manager know whe
the wrong person sets the wrong
uh it's not solving the problem was
supposed to solve the promise to the
customer is if you type in a natural
language it will give you the exact
value
and that's where AI valuations come
So if you look at some of the benchmarks
this is based on the 2.4
paper when the first data set. This is a
data set data set where you have natural
and corresponding queries. So first one
uh the four
g accuracy because they were getting
data sets already
know what the data set is. So the
researchers developed spider 2.0 network
which was more data more realistic
enterprise data
and not something that
in the same
in the same model the accuracy drop 21%
and that's what
stay or whatever
So same thing happened to us it was an
AI agent so agent
gives you better outcome so the system
around 55% and we also got stuck
somewhere around there at 65%
Uh so we needed a language for that.
So
the way we change the question is not
what the question should be which parts
of AI work reliably
and which is and what is reliable enough
to show today. So which questions can
the user actually ask? Which filters can
the AI actually apply? And they can
apply reliably multiple times. So if you
change that question suddenly becomes
easier to answer.
So one is measure consistency. Ask the
same question again and again and check
whether it's accurate or not. And you'll
see lot of you see sometimes it's 47%
71% sometimes 60%. So you need to ask
the same question.
Uh and I think on accuracy let me step
back a bit to explain what is how we
define accuracy. So uh for accuracy it's
a very tedious job. Uh you need to
create pair
data set where you have an expected
question and expected data. So you have
to actually create and you have to
verify. So even if you use
that in the first place you have to
actually verify it and most often just
accuracy it's not
so
and then we get a
gen answer and then again now we have to
compare one output to the
Now those who work on SQL will know that
you can write SQL in multiple ways to
get the same answer that itself is a
complexity which I
so that's how we define accuracy like
47% of the times did the JSON query
generated by AI did it match what our
engineer said should be 71% times its
match
This is the second one. Do you have
enough data? So if you look at very
basic concepts, you need a sample size
of minimum 30 to actually assume the
population is normally distributed where
you can actually apply measure
metrics like standard error and standard
deviation and average.
So for instance one membership topic so
the way I define topics is set which
this is to simplify so if we have at
least 45 questions then we can say
membership topic
whatever results we see are valid
results we cannot we don't have 45
questions we have let's say 10 questions
we can't really say whether the results
are valid or
So these are all screenshots from the
dashboard. So I built using
to actually uh show the analysis that
has been done
and it had those uh you know error bars
using Wilson
to actually show uh what is the standard
error and what is
The other part is okay you have a
question you have the you have the
answer you have calculated
but it shows me an aggregate number 71%
71%
so uh that metadata was very important
so I created metadata based on filters
and then themes so so that I can build
up I can actually say it fails only when
a question related to an activity is
asked or
question
did someone do something in this period
of time. So only in those situations
similarly the other one data queries are
like how you respond to it you can't do
anything but now if your dashboard can
show the relative dates fail in
membership and negative so someone who
did not
attend these dates then it's a very
specific uh insight and then you can go
back and look at okay why is it not able
to answer questions So negation meta or
membership questions
and then you can go and fix it. Yeah. So
just so that it's easier for you to
understand why we using topics. Usually
the reason AI fails on enterprise data
is because it doesn't know the
enterprise. It doesn't know what values
exist. It doesn't know what those column
names mean. And a lot of the column
names if you ever seen tables are very
they were created by
AI was more people expected humans to
read and they expected humans to ask
other data engineers what means or refer
to some documentation and most
organizations the documentation doesn't
exist right so because the accuracy of
AI is a function of
descriptions that are available and uh
also the possible values that available
that's why it's important to find out
which filters For instance, if negation
is not failing is failing, it means it
doesn't know how to apply that operator.
So we need to describe that in simple
English how to apply that
and finally when you have all this you
can actually run you can forecast if I
exclude these data points from the scope
what will my accuracy be right now it's
65%.
How should I define the scope of my AI
agent for the first release so that the
accuracy is 95% without doing anything?
So of course anything is an exact
exaggeration.
But there's a concept of uh inputs or in
uh and uh the concept of parties is when
the user asks a question the AI
reads a question says this is not my
scope this is out of scope and so you
short circuit the whole to actually
respond to the user sorry this is out of
scope. Yeah. And of course the language.
So if we remove those if we exclude
those four performance
behind that it's an average there would
be some topics which are already
performing better and there will be some
topics which are performing much so then
you can update your input to say don't
answer question
and inform the user I'm currently
So I'll just walk through the
screenshots now.
So this was the dashboard. So 1,752
queries. So it's actually multiplied by
five because we ran each one five times.
So roughly 300 queries. This was last
time
300 questions and answer.
And then we measured that which was 65%.
U
this talks about different usages
being used. This is about where it fails
where it doesn't and this is the
dashboard which is showing accuracy. So
if you see some topics have a very low
accuracy to the
where some topics are already close to
100%.
in match
match and they could easily do match and
write.
This is the latency as well. So it has
number of questions. It has a confidence
interv.
So what I did was I went to the left
most part of the screen started
excluding those topics.
So I I exclude the topics and then for
the remaining ones I can see which
questions are actually there in the data
set and how many times did they pass for
this row pass every time.
This one is passed stuck with an which
means uh it had to run some validation
uh steps before actually eventually
passing.
So from a product manager point of view
it can still release it. It's only from
an engineering point of view it won't go
through the error
steps and then get result
but you can still ship it
and just by doing this much uh the
accuracy on the existing ones by
excluding those 77%
and then the rest we was our engineering
backlog and then discussion
the product was also easier. So now we
could say these are the topics if
accuracy is very low
out of these can 1 2 3 4 random order
and we will start doing improvements on
those topics rather than out filters we
want five topics let's say five
so that way then they can all the
communication much easier and then the
product manager also know the This will
come after two weeks that will come
after.
So measure consistency
have enough data to decide
targeted fixes
and it before you scope it out.
And then for the first release you to go
with a 95% accuracy
and the time to start reduced 2 seconds.
I think in the beta release itself we
had uh 300 organizations around 1200
users actually using it and uh 15,000
promps. That's
gold mine because now I can create
better data sets of what users will use
by selecting prompts out of those 15,000
promps.
Yeah. So I would strongly recommend
while your engineering team is actually
building the engine
in par
and this is uh not just unit of course
you need test as well
more than seven
roughly at least 50 questions
So yeah, it's a lot of hard work
before you start
thinking
it's not just these are the kind of
questions
like this is the block that we had to
offer with. So we have and Frank
and Todd uh was the engineer was working
on this and on that along with the team
at the ship. So we both on this
don't forget to give feedback
and yeah managers will be very happy if
you
as well.
Really exciting work. One of the
exciting work of I like is the way we
are working and fundamentals on how we
want to build the very
need for the user and the product and
we'll do whatever it takes to keep the
user happy. Give them accurate
information.
We're open for some questions if
anyone's got some questions for Sar and
myself.
you mentioned about the accuracy of uh
and I'm I'm guessing that the data that
you're using is actually the production
data that you're supposed to use because
you're training the agent itself, right?
Then how do how would you know that it
was accurate? Do you already know the
specifications of the data or how how
how would you rate it? Like how how
would they know that
what it's what it's output is actually
what you want because
the same thing data analytics is
deep in the lot right
so his question was how do you know
whether data is right or not when you
talk more accuracy
So the way at least I approach it is one
is decompose right to simplify things
always decompose the problem into two
parts. One is is has the natural
language questioned to the correct
query. So this and query could be on
your QA system. It could be on
production system. It could be on any
other system as long as the schema
matches the schema has to be the same.
The logic business logic has to be the
same. And then uh so this accuracy was
specifically on data.
So the problem statement of whether your
data is correct or not is a separate
problem statement which is which is kind
of a solved problem by engineering. So
whether it's data engineering or
otherwise is a solved problem. They have
unit testing for all that.
So which has already been done. So even
if you go to any software and you look
at data is the same problem statement.
the data that the user user is looking
at. Is it the same data behind the
scenes or not?
But yeah, I think there are some agent
systems where they go a step further
that AI is analyzing the data and giving
it to you. That is a complex problem
which is a different problem. So there
are three different problem that this
scenario you are just retrieving the
data and providing it to the user. The
user is not analyzing the data.
I'll just answer the question in a
slightly different perspective. So
beyond this use case um I I help other
customers build similar well not similar
like also agent AI use cases like it was
a customer who come came to me
two or three weeks ago said hey look we
want to build this financial
P&L forecasting agent right okay this
scenario is a business scenario and and
then I want this P&L to be auto
automatically updated by this agent like
okay um we we all know that agent is
really ornamenting
numbers but um that's a different story
um but what I ask the customer is like
okay let's build this but who's going to
be in the room
oh yeah engineers will be in the room QA
will be in the room but you know what
the one person one most important person
that need is the subject matter expert
so that is the someone who used to be
accountant that's someone who used to be
a CFO and go all right you as a subject
matter expert how would you do this how
what what does good look like so then
when AI generates these data input
output um you can judge this say this is
a good input output and it has gone
through the same the right level of
steps and even before that I would ask
the subject matter expert before AI
let's put AI aside How would you do this
forecasting yourself as a accountant as
a CFO? What's the standard operating
procedure process that you follow? So we
can get data engine to actually follow
that. So that domain expertise is super
super important and it's exactly what
the push people have done. They've
looked at the customer data look at the
code
in the loop like manager buying it
scientist buying it making sure it's
right.
Thank you both for the amazing
presentation. I just want to ask a few
questions around the data set. Um
because I'm keen to understand what's
the strategies around
different
for example for that environment you
might have 50 and then like staging you
might have more or less or like are you
keeping the same um in terms of the
query wise and also the um threshold
wise. So that's my first question.
Second question is around um that's a
great dashboard that you showed earlier.
So um is that the custom model?
Yeah.
Yeah. Um yeah. So you um like when I was
doing these kind of implementation, one
thing I notic was um sometimes it's hard
to find the evaluation comparison across
different time frame. So we've also
building the sort of using AI to build
the custom solution. So um you're also
keen to know like are you using online
probably not online but more on demand
um evaluation if that's correct or not
I think your first question was about
whether your data in way environment
testing environment matches your data or
not yeah I think like I said at least uh
from my point of view the only reason
even fable would fail in a structured
data query is because doesn't know about
the data. So the accuracy is a function
of the data. If your data is not the
same, then you can't judge. So this and
that's why you need to decompose the
problem. You don't want you can't have
production Q test but you can have the
same schema and the same tables in test.
So yeah, that's how we do it at we keep
the same schema
test.
Yeah, the data is different. So but
And then you have to populate. So yeah
in test we populate
localiz synthetic data will emulate the
production data.
I think
um I think this also links to that
earlier topic around how evaluation and
observability the two practices cross
over. So um you taking the push by use
case here what Sor's team has done is
that they curated this golden data set
um and be able to kind of run this
golden data set evaluate the AI agent
offline before the use case is shipped
in production right this is number one
you have to do it but then once it's in
production you you want to know how well
this agent is actually working right so
this is where observability practice
comes So when you have observability
fully instrumented, your agent will be
committing all the input and output, all
the spans, the traces into your
observability um platform and then you
can go I want to do a sampling I want to
get 5% as example 5% of everything out
of it and then I want to run the LLM as
a judge using the same gold data set and
evaluate 5% of the the signals. what's
my accuracy for production for QA have I
drifted right so so then those are the
two different stages one is one right
and then after this once you go go into
production you use the real custom
signals to evaluate how well it's
actually performing in production
thank you for sharing learnings. My
question is regarding the topics that
were scoped out. Um, was there a common
theme on why certain topics were doing
well and why some weren't doing well?
Was it the lack of data or was there
something else?
So usually like said
yeah I think in whatever agents I work
with just using a natural language to
search your data it's usually just
yeah I would say usually just two or
three things right uh first two are most
important so one is it wouldn't
understand data so the data descriptions
are simple or the data descriptions are
confusing so the semantics of how you
describe the data become really
important or it has another
filter or data point which is very
similar to this one. So it's easy to get
confused between the two. So and I think
that's the other thing I've started
believing data is the new UXM
is can also get confused as a newer
so clarity in your data schema is of
utmost important so that's one and uh so
you ask me about yeah which the other
ones that it usually doesn't perform
well across models is numbers so they're
language models not math models
so it was more the quality of data than
the quantity.
Oh yes, quantity. Third point was
quantity. So if you if you and that's
where context engineering is that's why
it's becoming so important. So whatever
the model is the larger the number of
tokens going through the prompt the more
likely of it missing out something.
I have a further question on that.
It's like without changing the data part
does prompt engineering or something
help even if you have no clear of data
just in context that question.
Yeah I think from my point of view your
data description is part of the problem.
Yeah, but when you give a reference to
like examples like zero zero shot
usually chat we don't give examples
right and when you give examples and you
give more context to the prompt it helps
even though the data is missing right uh
not accurate like
yeah practically you are providing data
to examples so yes examples help but at
the end of the day through the example
you're providing the data for instance
if I give an example
where you know uh is valid equal to two
is uh uh latest equal to
basically in a different way. I'm saying
use this all
also you said as a judge so like uh as I
know Amazon gives you the model
playground where you can play around
with the models so that way you created
like the judgment like which model is
working fine for particular set of data
like h
yeah definitely is your early judgment
those kind of extremely useful because
then we don't need engineering overhead
and you take two of you can decide very
easily.
Thanks for the presentation. Um since we
mentioned a lot of things about um how
do we measure accuracy and also um you
mentioned things like golden like
building up the golden email set and
also having all a huge amount of domain
expert knowledge get involved into it.
Uh because from my experience is that um
when it gets to say certain area like
business areas which can be a bit away
from the um computer science or like
that like strict data merging to like
qualitative tasks. Um I find it really
really hard to determine accuracy or
even um establish um golden U set with
domain expert input because like if if
if two different experts facing the same
question with the same constraint their
their answer both could be like really
professional um stuff but their answers
are um can vary as well actually like in
real got a huge amount of professional
judgments involved in a lot of
completing a lot of tasks. So basically
um I'm I'm actually interested in
knowing like what what what would you
think in terms of how actually how
feasible it is to bring AI agent systems
into say qualitative areas of tests.
I think uh I would basically in my head
just fabricate into two uh one is
uh
you know on
imagine two. One is how complex is the
qualitative task
uh and complexity includes these
explanations
and second is what is the risk involved
with the wrong information. Yeah. So
overall I am agreeing that yes uh
qualitative is much more difficult to
evaluate rigorously. Yeah. So uh if your
risk to the user is low and the task is
not complex there are a lot of metrics
available if you search online for
example in drag based architectures
that's what we use whe it's relevant to
the user or not whether it's uh true to
the source of truth or not there are
those metrics already published very
well and I've seen them working pretty
well the moment you're on the other side
of the matrix where you expectations
high compressive could be high and the
risk for example in advanced analytics
where top management want to use AI to
analyze data that is being retrieved
from the systems right this we are
talking about retrieving of data you're
not talking about analyzing
yeah my strong encouragement would be to
stay out of it and use the MCB concept
so that's what the MCB is for that way
the MCB is only performing two two or
three functions one is uh uh retrieving
the data second is describing the data
and each user has their own preference
and such tasks also require there are
different ways to do it. So each user
can use the MCP to their own if I prefer
I'll use I prefer chat.
So yeah, I'm fond of them.
I'm assuming that the prompt that you
giving the included the database schema
information. So there's sort of
different levels. You've got the data
type, you've got the name of it, you've
got probably description, probably some
notes or additional information, and
then you've got information about the
relationships. Do you have any sort of
suggestions about best practices for
capturing that and putting it in a
format that the LM does best with
again space so what I've seen at the end
of the day the AP is getting a string in
and passing a string out doesn't really
care whether it's JSON or what second is
the less the better so the cleaner your
string the better it is third is the
more structured it is the better it is.
So there is this OSI standard being
developed by lot of leading data vendors
like uh DVD and uh snowflake and so on.
Uh it's called the OSI standard. So have
a look at it. They're using YAML. Uh I'm
uh like I mean it all and that's why
there's evaluations. So the good thing
about YAML is it's clean.
The bad thing about camel is the spacing
is by I mean the differences in the
elements is based on the spacing whereas
JSON is more explicit. So but again you
evaluate for yourself what works best
overall the industry is going towards
the format. Uh
yeah and the other best practice is like
I said the one reason AI harasses or are
not accurate is if you pass too much
content. So don't pass unnecessary
content and different stages like I
would first let it decide which data
sets are going to be used based on the
data set description then decide which
columns to be used on a column level
description uh and then once
the query provided the values that exist
in the column to correct the where
statement
that would be a pattern follow people
also use vector databases uh I'm not too
fond of it for this because your sem
semantic similarity they're based on
databases are based on C model which is
basically a Google search. So your the
keywords in your question may not match
the columns that exist in the database.
Uh yeah but if you keep it a very loose
threshold so that 50% of the then of
course it might work. Yeah I would just
say how did you get your number?
So I mean you run your that you
calculate the number for the companies
or you run like 1,000 times to calculate
the accuracy number.
Yeah.
So let's say uh there are 300 questions
and we want to run each question let's
say five times 10 times. So I would run
it that many times.
this money. So it was done 1652
and it's possible
and uh there's another part of
optimizing want to start small see how
much is the variability if you're not
seeing much should be fine. Oh, sorry.
Do you write simultaneously or single or
your data set?
If you want to run like for example one
question, do you want to run it like uh
at the same time? I mean, you can run
some asynch as test or you can run some
synchronized.
Yeah, I think that's your preference.
can be I mean it is an offline email
shouldn't really matter it's a batch run
you could even basically
if you run like
you run at the same time probably the
high will be because a lot of them just
using the same token pipeline
no no it shouldn't matter uh because
each run you um you you send each run
that take um you can you can set it as a
different session. So say you run it a
thousand times or in parallel
async and but you can also make sure
that each one is a completely separate
isolated from the others.
Sure.
Another question. Sorry. uh if all the
evaluation hits the same request end
point
and you're going to run off your job
very fast and I think if they hit the
same node
actually
some I assume accuracy
no it shouldn't matter
yeah so yes you you do need to watch out
for coder and throttling u but yeah
that's something especially to watch out
for you things synchronously but to Z's
point if you run it asynchronously
things will get a lot easier for you as
engineer run as a batch when run
asynchronously build a lot easier
particularly for offline eval
different things like so with sking is
your system prompt you know absorb point
you pump a lot of context into Uh if
your system prompt gets a little bit
bigger like let's say 1500 tokens and
more uh you definitely want to do system
prompt cation so then your your things
can get a bit more
optimization from the context if the
context cash then will get high
otherwise the will get
no the two are unrelated so we if you do
cing is more related and will impact
mostly around the latency and
performance of your agent.
So performance as in
mostly around latency, how fast will
respond, how many tokens it will it will
consume.
Thanks for your presentation very
informative. Um what I came to know is
since the element answer is always
nondeterministic
so it always makes mistakes and how how
do we the fallback system to ensure the
production is already production level?
Yeah.
Yeah. That's kind of what evaluation
does for you. It kind of gives you a
assurance, right? Before you push this
thing into production, what benchmark
are you at after after you put it into
production, all the signals that's real
production signals are going through it,
what sort of level of benchmark you're
performing at. So that's the assurance.
You can also bring that into a dashboard
like this. you can actually bring that
dashboard and show that your
stakeholders or you as maybe the
engineer owner um and there are other
techniques right it's all about your
your use case and there are some other
use cases where I've seen uh it becomes
like a multi- aent system and one of the
agent is actually a validation agent
like all all of these things have been
done the task has been performed the
last agent is there to go okay let me be
the critic has that been done properly
but there are different techniques but
in this particular It's a nice
all right
to it and
probably that's another but
don't fall don't fall into the trap of
it never do it and the way to deal with
it is be transparent with your user and
evaluation data actually can help you be
even more transparent for instance where
I talk a lot of my users after launching
this national
traffic
or so if you already tested the system
question I'm asking and it works
perfectly there show a green light and
it's a completely new random question
show a red
yeah so and that's why first you have to
get the US for
All right guys, uh really like the
presentation and uh your your wording on
the shipping really hit home. So in
terms of developing platform with either
codeex or cloudi or whatever you're
using or whatever a genic platform, my
question is more towards beneficial
deployment at the end of the day. I
think you kind of touched on some of
those points. So
um I see it more as information
management a large reasoning model that
pretty much is your ID in terms of how
you manage it and then there would be
several artifacts that come out of it.
So when we say human in the loop and
that's what I'm gearing my question
towards what's your feedback in terms of
the three points you have lost and what
kind of human involvement and to what
degree have you kept it because you will
have your system at large generating
certain artifacts. certain checkpoints
and certain QA that you actually do to
see what's happening. Um, how has that
journey been across different projects
and what have you learned?
I think extremely high. It takes a
village.
So just be openminded. Go ask ask ask
ask ask ask ask ask ask ask ask ask ask
everyone
that couldn't have anything to say about
it
and then very quickly build automation
on top of it so if you followed five
steps asked someone something try to
understand what's the pattern here how
can I change that pattern into some form
of automation for example sation
thumbs down is automation for inance
Let me clarify. I meant this product.
So I I meant this in you the product
owner shipping a product and you have AI
in the mix in different stages of
development. Now you will have artifacts
generated as part of your digital
software.
I have people I know in the networking
community who develop platforms and then
you'll have a particular you have model
triage based on what you're putting out
shipping out your profile system what
you're actually doing. So from that
perspective, you will have different
artifacts that are going to be developed
over time. You are the human in the
loop. You might have a team or you might
not. And in terms of managing that
software output that you're shipping,
how's that journey being? Because what
kind of team uh involvement compared to
traditional development so
uh when you say team involvement, which
team do you mean
your your development team? Your tech.
Yeah, I think Rogers already talked
about it. If you think engineers can
develop it and ship it and as product
owner that's exactly what we did ask ask
everyone and build automation probably
we build some automation on
because manually it's not scalable
but unless you do manual you don't know
what is what is the required
so the traffic how I got to know because
go to beta release if you don't go to
beta release everyone at your company
will be biased because we are assuming
what user will do. We don't know what
they will actually do. So rush towards a
beta release once you have and only
release it to the users who are willing
to give feedback if it's negative or
positive doesn't matter and build
automation and then others like you said
5% sampling so use sampling but very
thoughtful and I think that's where my
data science background helped a lot I
understood how I can do the experiment
design so experiment design principles
so you can design the experiment
establish
work of a sample extrapolate so
I think uh there are no more questions
we'll wrap it up for tonight uh thanks
for attending and last but not least
please uh please give some feedback to
us that will help us improve and also to
give some metrics back to our sponsors
because they are looking for it thank
What the [__]
Where are
you?
me and be
ready to go.
That
Oh, I never
Are you taking it or it's done the skin?
Can I take it back to trash?